Additional info about Snowflake provider breaking amazon one (#13056)
mistercrunch/Airflow: airflow/providers/snowflake/ADDITIONAL_INFO.md

 under the License.
 -->

## Known incompatibilities with other providers

The Snowflake provider when installed might break other providers. As of 14 December 2020 we know that Presto with
Kerberos + SSL and Amazon providers are broken.

> It's because of Snowflake monkeypatching the urllib3library as described in

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It's because of Snowflake monkeypatching the `urllib3` library as described in
```
